Edits to FAQ page (#65)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/understanding-radicle/faq.md

has designed trust into the core of the protocol.

## How does Radicle interact with Git?
Radicle Link — the protocol that powers the Radicle network is built on Git. All
Radicle data is stored in a single Git monorepo on your machine that is read

> and written from via the Upstream client. To read more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from and written to via the Upstream client. To read more
```

## Where is my data stored?
On the Radicle network, content is distributed peer-to-peer via a process called
gossip. This means that peers self-host their own content — and the content of

> any peers they are interested in — locally on their machine in a [Git monorepo][hw]. It also means that
> whenever your data is published to the network, it can be replicated and stored
> on another peer's machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any peers they are interested in — locally on their machine in a [Git monorepo][hw].
It also means that whenever your data is published to the network, it can be
replicated and stored on another peer's machine.
```

## Where is my data stored?
On the Radicle network, content is distributed peer-to-peer via a process called
gossip. This means that peers self-host their own content — and the content of
any peers they are interested in — locally on their machine in a [Git monorepo][hw].
It also means that whenever your data is published to the network, it can be
replicated and stored on another peer's machine.

## Can I create private repositories on Radicle?
No, not yet - but in the future! Private projects with end-to-end encryption are
on our roadmap. In the meantime, be sure to note that everything you put on
Radicle will be publicly available.

## What is a remote?
A remote refers to a version of your project that is maintained by another
person. To collaborate with others on Radicle, you have to add and follow other
their remotes to be able to fetch changes from them. You can manage remotes
on your project page (See [Adding Remotes][ar]). For more on how remote
repositories work, see the [Git documentation][mr].

## What's a Radicle ID?

> A Radicle ID is a unique way identifier for projects in the Radicle Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Radicle ID is a unique way of idnetifying projects in the Radicle Network.
```

Radicle will be publicly available.

## What is a remote?
A remote refers to a version of your project that is maintained by another
person. To collaborate with others on Radicle, you have to add and follow other
their remotes to be able to fetch changes from them. You can manage remotes
on your project page (See [Adding Remotes][ar]). For more on how remote
repositories work, see the [Git documentation][mr].

## What's a Radicle ID?

> A Radicle ID is a unique way identifier for projects in the Radicle Network. You can find it on a project's page or on the [seed node dashboard][sn]. You
> use a project's Radicle ID to find it via Radicle Upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Radicle ID is a unique way identifier for projects in the Radicle Network.
You can find it on a project's page or on the [seed node dashboard][sn]. You
use a project's Radicle ID to find it via Radicle Upstream.
```

## I ran into a issue, where can I report it?

> Please submit a support request our [#support channel][sc], or submit an issue on our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please reach out to us in our [#support channel][sc], or submit an issue on our
```
